hello to you again the game channel and
larynx you his leading cabstar earring
Today's video will talk about how
translate all your cars from online
the character on the second slot in the garage to
online character on the first slot
so let's start first must have been
the fact that you have two online in
character 1 2 words must be taken
further you must be it that you and
first and second character is the 1st floor
garage
for example, I have this eclipse garage
towers
apartment number 3 and at the first and second
character further you should see what
your second character is
just expensive cars in the garage and at
your first character's garage so crammed
let's say inexpensive cars it can be
either elegies or any stolen cars with
the streets because so let's say you can
do this permutation only with
second to first character your online
slots that is from first to second
don't make that move
so I will show you at the moment
just how i moved so let's say not
especially expensive cars from the second slot on
1 but you can turn with ease
this glitch in personally unlimited money
because you can do it like this
sell these cars
your second character without losing and and
without any restrictions at all 45
minutes so most likely confused but i
still leave so let's say written
description of this buckwheat
so what are you two characters 2 garages in
same place in second character
in this garage expensive cars at first in
this garage cheap cars
then we say you have to be for
what is your first second character?
Renaissance stands flat here in these
linked to these garages
next we proceed to the next stage you
must do so that you have in
single player campaign has been upgraded
and saving meaning you must do
your character 2 is franklin
put instead let's say skins
fractally any other skin of another
character in the game gta 5 in this case I
did this one here it is modernized
save using editor
save how to do it I will throw off
link to summer videos I have long been it
released and all you need to do is
change your image
franklin on any image of this case i
took this as a prostitute and put
her Franklin and you
start the game with this character
modernized and
and click on the start go to the network section
go and start the game
public session further you should
make sure you start now
loaded in a public session by your
first character
so here you are immersed in an online session
your first character on the first slot
beautiful in the apartment where you put here
this save point further you just
go through the start section of the network are selected
another character and clean up and menu
choose your second character
character cars what are you from where are we
we will drag on 1 characters and
dive the second character also
dive into the apartment where we set
save our point and run these 2
character in the garage and here we remember
I have these cars at the second
character everything is crammed elegia mi now we
see soon all these leagues
I will be the first character so
go down to the garage choose through
cross down click and select
our modernized character
franklin and plunge behind the clutch
single player campaign as you see here i am
now progruzilsya for upgraded
franklin as here
prostitutes
up in single sit down and what are
progruzilis click on start go to
section all these go to the start section
play gta online choose closed
session for
friends and sink your unopened
sessions for friends as we see me
progruz not the second character and
first character but nevertheless mine
now will be my second garage
characters as we see i play first
my main character and in my
the garage is worth these league series from the second
character and here I am just for you
I advise that you should have
second character better expensive cars
because you can without loss
sell so let's say that is the output by
this first character can calm them
sell without any thresholds even 45
minutes that is you can completely
sell this garage to your second
character and your people character not
lose these cars
that is, you can make this glitch but
eight
but in this case I did not succeed
the fact that I have 2 characters is weak I do not
could put me a good car so
let's say that and I have a good car will
About 1 character I decided to you just
show how it works but if u
I was not elegies suppose a
some other cars then I calm them
I could now sell forever and order
most earning just millions
dollars
gta in this online game the horn in gta
Online I also want them again then this is what
you will absolutely lose nothing if
you will only sell them
you lose it cars on your first
slot so I just advise something that
your first character must be
the cheapest cars so you have them
not afraid to lose and so I actually
I'll show you now what is your name ends
this mushroom that is and to complete it
you just take
after all these sales click on
Start children net and clean about choose
other characters and actually
immersed in the character selection menu
choose your 2 characters again and
then you will see there what you
absolutely lost nothing well
actually this is my everything if you don’t
understand how to do what I put in detail
description
This Galicia under this video read if
You do not understand the video I think everything is there
you will understand if you like it
video then put like and
subscribe to my youtube channel and
also do not forget to join the group
vkontakte and subscribe to my twitter
to keep abreast of the latest videos
on key gta online also do not forget
what i do is pumping your
characters to the platform and playstation 3
so on the platform in box 360 but on
x-box 360 only money so if you
interested in these services then the link to this
the group will be in the description for this video
too now I say goodbye to you completely
do not smoke to play gta online and
listen to mom with hardcore